<!--:title: September 2021 Staff Meeting results-->
<!--:author: __7d-->

Here are the topics we discussed and the changes made during the (2-person) monthly staff meeting:

# Policies on shared airports
Concerns were raised by __7d over how shared airport allocations would work, if only one of the cities were to have more than 100 buildings.
The rules were hence changed so that if just one city has over 100 buildings, the max airport size would be that of all towns/cities shared, not just the one with over 100 buildings.

# Helis, seaplanes & blimps
Helicopters and seaplanes would be allowed for passenger transport. However, blimps would only be used for advertising.

# Ferries & Watercraft
The rules on cruise ships will be expanded to include all watercraft, since ferries are effectively mini cruise ships.

However, ferry routes would only be legal if they connect two places within 500 metres.

# ICAO codes and wards
Wards will be implemented when the world is finished. As for code standard, that would be voted on in the future.

# Media channels
All five media channels will be linked to five nee channels ingame.

# New Spawn City Airport
The original alignment is vertical; however, with its massive size it was decided that it will be built horizontally instead.

Additionally New Spawn City will be built on the coast because water.

# Ranking system
Concerns were also brought up by __7d, as if there are a lot of builders online the entire chat would be filled with "[Builder]" and no other prefix.

Therefore it was decided that a numbering system would be used as ranks, from 1 through 12. It would appear as "[Builder][n]" in chat, where n is the number.

The number is dependent on the building count of the largest town owned by the player, and is determined as follows:

1. Less than 5 town buildings
1. 5 buildings
1. 10 buildings
1. 15 buildings
1. 20 buildings
1. 25 buildings
1. 30 buildings
1. 40 buildings
1. 50 buildings
1. 60 buildings
1. 75 buildings
1. 100+ buildings

# Railways
Only minecart/traincart lines are allowed between close cities. No intercity warprail is allowed.

# OG rank
Will not be implemented, as everyone who would have the rank would be members of the MRT which is a bit biased.

However, thise who help with the spawn city airport will get their name on the front page of the website, as well as at the fountain at spawn.

# airplane add details
airplane add details