<!--:title: October 2021 Staff Meeting results-->
<!--:author: __7d-->

Here are the topics we discussed and the changes made during the October 2021 staff meeting:

# Topics
Submissions now close 1 hour before the meeting. They can now also be sent through the #helpop channel in Discord.

# New Spawn City
It has been decided that New Spawn City will expand simultaneously with Aviaworld's playerbase, hence there is no plan yet.

It has also be renamed to **Spawn City**.

Remember that the airport is being built first before the city.

# Lakes
Lakes will be renamed when the server opens to the public, which they can vote on the names of the lakes.

# Airship terminal
Will be built south of the current cargo terminal south of Terminal 1.

# Spawn City International Airport Terminal-building competition
This will be hosted throughout November and December. The best terminal will have the winner's airline hub at the airport.

# Ranks
New rank names were decided for Builder-1 to 12:
1. Builder
1. Economy
1. Premium Economy
1. Business
1. First
1. Frequent Flyer
1. Cabin Crew
1. First Officer
1. Captain
1. ATC
1. Millionaire
1. Billionaire

# Supporters
Supporters (those that contribute to paying server expenses) will gain access to the /me command, and any other paid plugins (like Head Database) in the future.

# Taxi hub at spawn
A taxi hub will be built at spawn. Each taxi will warp you to a significant destination in Spawn City and on the server.

# Give staff /co access
_"Why wasn't this a thing before?"_ -- AirplaneNiner

# New Plugin: ImageOnMap
ImageOnMap is a plugin that allows you to easily upload images onto the server as maps. The plugin has been approved.

# airplane still add details
airplane still add details >:((